If I Was Your Girlfriend

"Look at the bargains over here, ladies"

If I was your girlfriend, would U remember
2 tell me all the things U forgot when I was your man?
Hey hey, when I was your man

If I was your best friend, would U let me
Take care of U and do all the things that only a best friend can?
Oh, only best friends can

If I was your girlfriend
If I was your girlfriend

If I was your girlfriend, would U let me dress U
I mean, help U pick out your clothes before we go out?
Not that U're helpless
But sometime, sometime those are the things that bein' in love's about

If I was your one and only friend
Would U run 2 me if somebody hurt U even if that somebody was me? Yeah
(Even if that somebody was me?)
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be ... please!

If I was your girlfriend
If I was your girlfriend

Would U let me wash your hair?
Could I make U breakfast sometime?
Well then, could we just hang out
I mean, could we go 2 a movie and cry 2gether?
Cuz 2 me baby, that would be so fine (That would be so fine)

(If I was your girlfriend) {repeat in BG}
Baby, can I dress U
I mean, help U pick out your clothes before we go out?
Listen girl, I ain't sayin U're helpless
But sometime, sometime those are the things that bein' in love's about
(Shoo-do-do) {repeat in BG}
Sugar, do U know what I'm saying 2 U this evening?
Maybe U think I'm being a little self-centered
But I, I said I wanna be all of the things U are 2 me
Surely, surely U can see

(If I was your girlfriend) {repeat in BG}
Is it really necessary 4 me 2 go out of the room
Just because U wanna undress?
We don't have 2 make children 2 make love
And we don't have 2 make love 2 have an orgasm
Your body's what I'm all about
Can I see it?
I'll show U
Why not?
U can do it because I'm your friend
I'd do it 4 U
Of course I'd undress in front of U
And when I'm naked, what shall I do?
How can I make U see that it's cool?
Can't U just trust me?
If I was your girlfriend, U could
Oh yeah, I think so
Listen, 4 U naked I would dance a ballet
Would that get U off?
Tell me what will
If I was your girlfriend, would U tell me?
Would U let me see U naked then?
Would U let me give U a bath?
Would U let me tickle U so hard U'd laugh and laugh
And would U, would U let me kiss U there
U know, down there where it counts
I'll do it so good, I swear I'll drink every ounce
And then I'll hold U tight and hold U long
And 2gether we'll stare into silence

And we'll try 2 imagine what it looks like
Yeah, we'll try 2 imagine what, what silence looks like
Yeah, we'll.. we'll try 2 imagine what silence looks like
Yeah, we'll try