Welcome.
U have just accessed the Akashic Records Genetic Information Division.
This program is required 4 those wishing 2 obtain
a marriage blessing from the kingdom.
When U wish 2 begin this program, place your right hand
on the scanner and tightly clench up your buttcheeks as U might feel a
slight electrical shock.
Please select the race history U desire.
U have selected "African-American".
This is your history:

First of all, the term "black and white" is a fallacy.
It simply is another way of saying "this or that".
Let's examine the term "this or that" in its ultimate form
which is: "this" means the truth or "that" which is resistant 2 it.

When a minority realizes its similarities on a higher level
not just "black", but "people of color", and higher still "indigenous", and even higher still, "from the tribe of", and yet higher:
"The Rainbow Children".
When this understanding comes, the so-called minority becomes a majority in the wink of an eye.
This action will cause a reaction or resistance.
The source of this resistance must be banished as it is in direct conflict with the initial action.
It cannot be assimilated, 4 its very nature is resistance.
In other words, one cannot serve 2 masters.
U are either "this" or "that which is not this".

End of part one.
2 continue, select the program "Family Name" and type in the
current government name U wish history on.

London, England, sometime in the early 1600's:

We have the God-given right 2 run out of our colony anyone
who does not bow down 2 our law
Hear, hear!
Hear, hear, exactly, that's what I said!
[Say I'm from the ...]
Hear hear, hear hear
Aye, yes, aye, aye!

Come on, come on, keep it moving here
Come on, now
What's your name boy?
Abu, Abu Cah
Well, it ain't now, it's Tom Lynch

Mirror, mirror what U see?
Have I still got those dark clouds over me?
Or am I really feeling what I feel?
The last days of the devil's deal
Oh mirror, what U see?

Devil, devil what U know?
U been here since 1914, but now U got 2 go
U been hidin' behind corporate eyes
U wanna war, but U can't fight
Oh devil, oh, U got 2 go, yes sir!

Bridge...
U might say, "what U mad about?"
But U still got your family name
Pleased 2 meet U, Mr. Rosenbloom
I'll be John Blackwell just the same
What's your family name?

Teacher, teacher what U say?
Did we really come over in a boat?
Did it really go down that way?
Or did I arrive before U and ruin Thanksgiving Day?
Oh teacher, oh, what U say?

Preacher, preacher is it true?
That Jesus wants me 2 give my money 2 the likes of U?
Ride around in your Lexus coupe
Drive us 2 the cleaners in a pinstripe suit
Oh preacher, that ain't truth!

The bridge, huh...
U might say, "what U mad about?
But U still got your family name
Pleased 2 meet U, Mr. Pearlman
U can call me "Clay"
Now can I play?

People, people what's your name?
Maybe we should start all over
Let everybody get in the game
Put up a one-gloved fist
Make a sound, Violet Brown

U might say "what U mad about?"
But U still got your family name
Pleased 2 meet U Mr. Goldstruck

We found this tape in the Akashic records.
This is Thomas Jefferson:

"My fellow Americans, if there is a just God, we're gonna pay 4 this!"

"Black men and White men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics
will be able 2 join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual:
free at last, free at last, thank God almighty we are free at last!"

Johnny B...