Sh... shut up already, damn!

Tell me who in this house know about the quake? (We do)
I mean really, really
If U know how 2 rock say "Yeah" (Yeah)
If U know how 2 party say "Oh yeah" (Oh yeah)
But if U ain't hip 2 the rare housequake ... shut up already, damn!

Housequake - Everybody jump up and down
Housequake - There's a brand new groove goin' round (Housequake)
In your funky town (Housequake)
And the kick drum is the fault

U gotta rock this mother, say (Housequake) ... uh
We gotta rock this mother, say (Housequake) ... uh, uh

We're gonna show U what 2 do
U put your foot down on the 2
U jump up on the 1
Now U're havin' fun
Huh, U're doin' ... the housequake
Hey

Question - Does anybody know about the quake? (Yeah!)
Bullshit!
U can't get off until U make the house shake
Now everybody clap your hands, come on
Let's jam y'all (Let's jam!)
Don't wait 4 your neighbor
Green eggs and ham
Doin' the housequake

There's a brand new groove goin' round
In your city, in your town
Housequake - And the kick drum is the fault

Housequake (Housequake)
Housequake - U gotta rock this mother (U gotta rock this mother)
Housequake
Housequake - U gotta rock this mother down, come on
Housequake {x2}

Now that U got it, let's do the twist
A little bit harder than they did in '66
A little bit faster than they did in '67
Twist little sister and go 2 heaven
Come on y'all, we got 2 jam before the police come
A groove this funky is on the run
Hey!

Shake your body till your neighbors stare at cha!
(Quake) {x6}

Housequake - Everybody, everybody jump up and down
Housequake - There's a brand new groove (groove) that's goin' around
Housequake - In this city, in this funky town
Housequake - And the saxophone is the fault, check it out

If U can't rock steady, shut up already
Damn, U got 2 get off if U know what I'm talking about
On the 1 y'all say "Housequake"
Top of your body, let me hear U shout, say
(Housequake) My Lord!
(Housequake) My Lord!
(Housequake) Bullshit, louder, say it!
(Housequake) Ooh-wee

Shock-a-lock-a boom!
What was that? Aftershock!
Everybody, everybody U gotta rock, U gotta rock, come on

We're gonna shake, we're gonna quake
Cuz we got the baddest groove that we could make
We on the 2, y'all, the drummer's gonna tap
We gonna sing it and rock this mother 2 the max
And that's a fact
Housequake - Come on, say it (Housequake)
Come on, U can't follow it
We got the baddest jam in the land
Everybody shut up, listen 2 the band

Housequake

Shut up already, damn!