barbra look, i have spent a lot of time working on this.
producer 1 look, no ones gonna buy it    no one.
producer 2 no one in middle america, anyway. thats for sure.
producer 3 hes right!
producer 1 sweetheart, its just not commercial!
barbra what is commercial?
producer 2 its not whats selling nowadays.
producer 1 i mean   personally, i love it, but.
barbra sungbe nice, girl!
producer 3 nobodys into this kind of material.
barbra sung you have to pay a price, girl!
producer 2 this album needs a hit single we can push.
barbra sungthey like to give advice, girl!
producer 1 the whole ideas too risky.
barbra sung do not think about it twice, girl!
producer 2 the audience will not understand this kind of thing!
barbra sungits time to get to work!
barbraspoken i disagree! why do not you wait until you hear it?
producer 3 this is like your old stuff!
barbra sung art is not easy.
producer 3 you have got to appeal to the kids.
barbra sung even when you are hot.
producer 2 why would you want to make an album like this anyway?
barbra sung advancing art is easy.
producer 1 i think we ought to talk seriously about this.
barbra sung financing it is not!
producer 2 why take chances?
barbra sung a visions just a vision if its only in your head!
producer 1 nobody respects your artistic integrity more than i do, but.
barbra sung if no one gets to hear it, its as good as dead!
producer 2 you have to think about you career!
barbra sung it has to come to life!
barbra sung bit by bit, putting it together.
piece by piece, only way to make a work of art.
every moment makes a contribution.
every little detail plays a parts.
having just a visions no solution.
everything depends on execution.
putting it together, thats what counts!
ounce by ounce, putting in together.
small amounts, adding up to make a work of art.
first of all you need a good foundation.
otherwise its risky from the start.
takes a little cocktail conversation.
but without the proper preparation.
having just a visions no solution.
everything depends on execution.
the art of making art.
is putting it together, bit by bit.
producer 2 do we really need all these musicians?
barbra link by link, making the connections, yes we do!
drink by drink, taking every comment as it comes.
learning how to play the politician.
like you play piano, bass and drums.
otherwise you will find your composition.
is not gonna get much exhibition.
art is not easy.
every minor detail is a major decision.
have to keep things in scale.


have to hold to your vision.
producer 1 why do not we talk about this over dinner, darling?
whats a little cocktail conversation.
if it gets the funds for your foundation.
every time i start to feel defensive.
i remember vinyl is expensive!
producer 3 would you agree to do an interview?
barbra maybe one!
dot by dot, building up the image.
shot by shot, keeping at a distance does not pay.
still if you remember your objective.
not give all your privacy away.
a little bit of hype can be effective.
as long as you can keep it in perspective.
even when you get some recognition.
everything you do you still audition.
art is not easy.
overnight you are a trend.
you are the right combination.
then the trends at an end.
you are suddenly last years sensation!
all they ever want is repetition.
all they really like is what they know.
gotta keep a link with your tradition.
gotta learn to trust your intuition.
while you re establish your position.
so that you can be on exhibit...
so that your work can be on exhibition!
be new, girl!
they tell you till they are blue, girl!
you are new, or else you are through, girl!
and even if its true, girl.
you do what you can do!
bit by bit, putting it together.
piece by piece, working on the vision night and day.
all it takes is time and perseverance.
with a little luck along the way.
putting in a personal appearance.
gathering supporters and adherents...
producer 1 well, shes an original!
producer 3 was!
barbra mapping out the songs but in addition.
harmonizing each negotiation.
balancing the part thats all musicians.
with the part thats strictly presentation.
balancing the money with the mission.
till you have the perfect orchestration.
even if you do have the suspicion.
that its taking all your concentration.
the art of making art.
is putting it together, bit by bit.
beat by beat, part by part.
sheet by sheet, chart by chart track by track, bit by bit.
reel by reel, pout by pout.
stack by stack, snit by snit.
meal by meal, shout by shout.
deal by deal, spat by spat.
shpiel by shpiel, doubt by doubt.
and that... is the state of the art!