whoa, oh, yeah.

she was so young with such innocent eyes.
she always dreamt of a fairytale life.
and all the things your money can not buy.
she thought daddy was a wonderful guy.
then suddenly, things seemed to change.
it was the moment she took on his name.
he took his anger out on her face.
she kept all of her pain locked away.

oh mother, we are stronger.
from all of the tears you have shed.
oh mother, do not look back.
cause he will never hurt us again.

so mother, i thank you.
for all you have done and still do.
you got me, i got you.
together we always pull through.
we always pull through.
we always pull through.
oh mother, oh mother, oh mother.

it was the day that he turned on his kids.
that she knew she just had to leave him.
so many voices inside of her head.
saying over and over and over.
quotyou deserve much more than this.quot.

she was so sick of believing the lies and trying to hide.
covering the cuts and bruises cuts and bruises.
so tired of defending her life, she could have died.
fighting for the lives of her children.

oh mother, we are stronger.
from all of the tears you have shed all of the tears you have shed.
oh mother, do not look back.
cause he will never hurt us again he will never hurt us again.

so mother, i thank you thank you.
for all that you have done and still do still do.
you got me, i got you, yeah you got me and i got you.
together we always pull through.
we always pull through.
we always pull through.
oh mother, oh mother, oh mother.

all of your life you have spent.
burying hurt and regret.
but mama, he will never touch us again.

for everytime he tried to break you down.
just remember whos still around.
its over, and we are stronger.
and we will never have to go back again.

oh mother, we are stronger.
from all of the tears you have shed.
oh mother, do not look back oh mother do not look back again.
cause he will never hurt us again cause he will never hurt us again.

so mother, i thank you and i thank you for everything you have done.
for all that you have done and still do together we always move on.
you got me, i got you, you got me, i got you.
together we always pull through always pull through.
we always pull through.
we always pull through.

i love you mom.