hey!!!!
do your thing honey!

i could feel it from the start.
could not stand to be apart.
something bout you caught my eye.
something moved me deep inside.
do not know what you did boy but you had it.
and i have been hooked ever since.

i told my mother, my brother, my sister and my friends.
told the others, my lovers, both past and present tense.
that everytime i see you everything starts making sense.

do your thing honey!

aingt no other man can stand up next to you.
aingt no other man on the planet does what you do.
what you do!
you are the kinda guy, a girl finds in a blue moon. hey.
you got soul yeah, you got class ohh. you got style, you bad ass oh yeah!
aingt no other man its true all right.
aingt no other man but you.

never thought id be alright. no, no, no!
til you came and changed my life. yeah, yeah, yeah!
what was cloudy now is clear! yeah, yeah!
you are the light that i needed.

you got what i want boy, and i want it!
so keep on giving it up!

so tell your mother, your brother, your sister, and your friends.
tell the others, your lovers, better not be present tense.
cause i want everyone to know that you are mine and no one elses!

ooooh,oh oh!

aingt no other man can stand up next to you to you yeah.
aingt no other man aingt no other man on the planet does what you do.
you are the kinda guy a girl findsa girl finds in a blue moon.
you got soul soul, you got class class.
you got style,you badass yeah yeah yeah!
aingt no other man its true.
aingt no other man but you.

break it down now!

aingt no other, aingt, aingt no other, other!!
aingt no other, aingt, aingt no other lover!
aingt no other, i, i, i need no other!
aingt no other man but you!
ohhhh!
you are there when i am a mess.
talked me down from every ledge.
give me strength boy you are the best.
you are the only one whos ever passed every test.

aingt no other man woo, can stand up next to you next to you.
aingt no other man on the planet does what you do. oh..
you are the kinda guy, a girl finds in a blue moon.
you got soul yeah, you got class yeah.
you got style, you badass oh yeah!
aingt no other man its true.
aingt no other man but you.

and now i am telling you so aingt no other man but you.
hey!!!!!!!!
aingt no other man, can stand up next to you.
aingt no other man on the planet does what you do.
what you do.
you are the kinda guy, a girl finds in a blue moon.
baby, baby, baby oooh!!!!!
you got soul yeah, you got class ohh.
you got style, you badass.
do not you know!
aingt no other man its true.
aingt no other man but you..