if you are feeling down depressed and lonely.
i know a place where we can go.
22 acacia avenue, meet a lady we all know.
so if you are looking for a good time.
and you are prepared to pay the price.
fifteen quid is all she asks for.
everybodys got their vice.

if you are waiting for a long time.
for the rest to do their piece.
you can tell her that you know me.
and you might even get it free.
so any time you are down the east end.
do not you hesitate to go.
you can take my honest word for it.
she will teach you more than you can know.

charlotte cant you get out from all this madness.
cant you see it only brings you sadness.
when you entertain your men.
dont know the risk of getting disease.

some day when youre reaching the age of forty.
i bet youll regret the days when you were laying.
nobody then will want to know.
you wont have any beautiful wares to show any more.

22, the avenue thats the place where we all go.
you will find its warm inside the red lights burning bright tonight.

charlotte is not it time you stopped all this mad life.
do not you ever think about the bad times.
why do you have to live this way.
do you enjoy the lay or is it the pay.

sometimes when you are strolling down the avenue.
the way you walk, it makes men think.
of having you.
when you are walking down the street.
everybody stops and turns to stare, at you.

22, the avenue, thats the place where we all go.
you will find its warm inside.
the red lights burning bright tonight.

beat her, mistreat her, do anything that you please.
bite her, excite her, make her get down.
on her knees.
abuse her, misuse her, she can take all.
that you have got.
caress her, molest her, she always does what you want.

you are running away, do not you know.
what you are doing.
ca not you see it will lead you to ruin.
charlotte you have taken your life.
and you have thrown it away.
you believe that because what you are earning.
your lifes good, do not you know that you are hurting.
all the people that love you, do not cast them aside.
all the men that are constantly drooling.
its no life for you, stop all that screwing.
you are packing your bags and you are.
icomingi with me..