if i was your girlfriend.

look at the bargains over here, ladies.

if i was your girlfriend, would u remember.
2 tell me all the things u forgot when i was your man?
hey hey, when i was your man.

if i was your best friend, would u let me.
take care of u and do all the things that only a best friend can?
oh, only best friends can.

if i was your girlfriend.
if i was your girlfriend.

if i was your girlfriend, would u let me dress u.
i mean, help u pick out your clothes before we go out?
not that u are helpless.
but sometime, sometime those are the things that being in loves about.

if i was your one and only friend.
would u run 2 me if somebody hurt u even if that somebody was me? yeah.
even if that somebody was me?
sometimes i trip on how happy we could be ... please!

if i was your girlfriend.
if i was your girlfriend.

would u let me wash your hair?
could i make u breakfast sometime?
well then, could we just hang out.
i mean, could we go 2 a movie and cry 2gether?
cuz 2 me baby, that would be so fine that would be so fine.

if i was your girlfriend repeat in bg.
baby, can i dress u.
i mean, help u pick out your clothes before we go out?
listen girl, i aingt sayin u are helpless.
but sometime, sometime those are the things that being in loves about.
shoo do do repeat in bg.
sugar, do u know what i am saying 2 u this evening?
maybe u think i am being a little self centered.
but i, i said i wanna be all of the things u are 2 me.
surely, surely u can see.

if i was your girlfriend repeat in bg.
is it really necessary 4 me 2 go out of the room.
just because u wanna undress?
we do not have 2 make children 2 make love.
and we do not have 2 make love 2 have an orgasm.
your bodys what i am all about.
can i see it?
i will show u.
why not?
u can do it because i am your friend.
id do it 4 u.
of course id undress in front of u.
and when i am naked, what shall i do?
how can i make u see that its cool?
ca not u just trust me?
if i was your girlfriend, u could.
oh yeah, i think so.
listen, 4 u naked i would dance a ballet.
would that get u off?
tell me what will.
if i was your girlfriend, would u tell me?
would u let me see u naked then?
would u let me give u a bath?
would u let me tickle u so hard ud laugh and laugh.
and would u, would u let me kiss u there.
u know, down there where it counts.
i will do it so good, i swear i will drink every ounce.
and then i will hold u tight and hold u long.
and 2gether we will stare into silence.

and we will try 2 imagine what it looks like.
yeah, we will try 2 imagine what, what silence looks like.
yeah, we will.. we will try 2 imagine what silence looks like.
yeah, we will try.