ooh, baby.
darling, u are the best, oh girl.

chorus.
until the end of time, i will be there 4 u.
u own my heart and mind, i truly adore u.
if god one day struck me blind, your beauty id still see.
loves 2 weak 2 define just what u mean 2 me.

from the first moment i saw u.
ooh, i knew u were the one.
that night i had 2 call u.
i was rapping till the sun came up.
telling u just how fine u look.
in a word, u were sex.
all of my cool attitude u took.
my body was next.
u made love 2 me.
like u were afraid.
was u afraid of me?
was i the first?
was i your every fantasy?
thats why...

chorus.
until the end of time, i will be there 4 u.
u own my heart and mind, i truly adore u.
if god one day struck me blind, your beauty id still see.
loves 2 weak 2 define just what u mean 2 me.


when we be making love.
i only hear the sounds.
heavenly angels crying above.
tears of joy pouring down on us.
they know we need each other.
they know u are my fix cuz u know.
i know that u know i aingt cheating baby i aingt cheating on u, baby.
they know this is serious.
i aingt fucking just 4 kicks.
no, this condition i got is crucial, crucial baby.
u could say that i am a terminal case.
u could burn up my clothes u could burn up my clothes.
smash up my ride u could smash up..
well, maybe not the ride.
but i got 2 have your face all up in the place do u think?
id like 2 think that i am a man of exquisite taste.
i am a man of exquisite taste.
a hundred percent italian silk imported egyptian lace.
nothing baby, i said nothing baby could compare nothing could compare.
2 your lovely face 2 your lovely face.
do u know what i am saying 2 u this evening? what u saying about?
trying trying 2 say i hear what your saying.
just trying 2 say that until.
till the end of time, i will be there 4 u.

i will be there 4 u.
u own my heart, u own my mind truly adore u.
i truly adore u darling.
u do not know what u mean 2 me, baby.
until the end of time, i will be there 4 u.
baby, baby.
u own my heart and mind, i truly adore u.
till the end of time i will be there 4 u.
adore u.

can i talk 2 u, tell u what u mean 2 me? chorus x2 in bg.
everytime u wander, i will be your eyes so u can see.
i wanna show u things that i show no other.
i wanna be more than, more than your mother.
more than your brother.
i wanna be like no, like no other.
if u need me, i will never leave.
i know that u know without u there is no me, there is no me.
without u there is no sea, there is no shore.
love is 2 weak 2 define how much i adore.
u child, u child.
the last words u hear, the last words u hear.

until until the end of time x7 in bg.
i will be there 4 u, baby.
be with me darling til the end of all time.
i will give u my heart, huh, i will give u my mind, huh.
i will give u my body yeah, i will give u my time.
4 all time i am with u, u are with me.
u are with me, u are with me.

 1987 controversy music   ascap.