where are u?
u can relax now, the max is in control, uh.
i go this is something 4 nothing, ah yeah yeah.

when my back is so far back its on the other side of the wall.
when half a chance is all i get, if i get a chance at all.
when the going gets tougher than the tough can go.
i grind the ax   thats when i go, i go, i go 2 the max, i go.

the max   yo baby, tell me where the partys at this is something.
the max   yo baby, i wanna shuffle the cards in that stack i go.
the max   we can dance if u want 2 but i might break your back yeah this is something.
the max    mo 4 4 your buck u can bet on that.

when they tell me 2 walk a straight line.
i put on crooked shoes.
when they tell me that i can not live 4ever.
i pay some overdues dig it.
when they start making up a crazy rule.
thats when i break a back, cuz break a back.
when i go, i go, i go 2 the max, i go.

the max   yo baby, tell me where the partys at this is somethingoh yeah.
the max   yo baby, i wanna shuffle the cards in that stack ah yeah yeah yeah.
the max   we can dance if u want 2 but i might break your back this is somethingyeah.
the max    mo 4 4 your buck u can bet on that.

let us go x4 oow ah yeah yeah.

when my body starts 2 shiver from the chill of a scarlet sweat dig it.
when my lips eclipse the sun and the moon reflecting from the wet.
when the blood of my love outraces everyone of the stallions in your pack.
thats when u go, u go, u go 2 the max.

u go, the max, the max oh get funky.
the max git, git, git funky oow.
the max get funky let us go.

i think i am gonna like this let us go x2 dance.
i wanna dance let us go x2 ah yeah yeah.
i go 2 the max i am not afraid oh my god!
i wanna dance hey listen.

when the going gets tougher than tough can go i grind the ax.
thats when i go, i go, i go 2 the max...i go.

the max   yo baby, tell me where the partys atthis is something.
the max   yo baby, i wanna shuffle the cards in that stack.
the max   we can dance if u want 2 but i might break your back this is something.
the max    mo 4 4 your buck u can bet on that.
this is the max.

dear love, dear love, dear love forgive me 4 my sins.
but u left me such a cold cold world 2 suffer in dig it.
and contrary 2 popular belief even though ones life is brief.
if u go there once u will come again and again and again and a let us go.

when some something...
this is the max.