ahhhhah ahhhhah ooohhh.

club mix x2.

how can i put this in a way so as not 2 offend or unnerve?
but theres a rumor going all around that u aingt been gettingserved.
they say that u aingt u know what in, baby, who knows how long.
its hard 4 me 2 say whats right when all i wanna do is wrong.

chorus.
gett off  23 positions in a one night stand.
gett off  i will only call u after if u say i can.
gett off  let a woman be a woman and a man be a man.
gett off  if u want 2, baby, here i am here i am.

i clocked the jizz from a friend of yours named vanessa bet bet.
she said u told her a fantasy that got her all wet wet.
something about a little box with a mirror and a tongue insideyeah.
what she told me then got me so hot, i knew that we could slideooh.

chorus.

gett off repeat in bg.

1 2 3.
naw, little cutie, i aingt drinking.
but scope this, i was just thinking.
u  me, what a ride.
if u was thinking the same, we could continue outside.
lay your pretty body against a parking meter.
strip your dress down like i was stripping a peter pauls almondjoy.
lemme show u, baby, i am a talented boy.

everybody grab a body.
pump it like u want somebody.
gett off.

so here we, so here we.
so here we are, here we are in my paisley crib.
what cha want 2 eat? ribs!
naw toy, i do not serve ribs.
u better be happy that dress is still on.
i heard the rip when u sat down.
honey, them hips is gone.
but thats alright, i clock em that way.
remind me of something james used 2 say.
i like em fat, i like em proud.
u got 2 have a mother 4 me.
now move your big ass round this way.
so i can work on that zipper, baby.
2night u are a star and i am the big dipper.
na, na, na, na x2.

kick it.
gett off repeat in bg.

how can i put this in a way so as not 2 offend or unnerve?
but theres a rumor going all around that u aingt been gettingserved.
they say that u aingt u know what in, baby, who knows how long.
its hard 4 me 2 say whats right when all i wanna do is wrong.

gett off  23 positions in a one night stand.
gett off  i will only call u after if u say i can.
gett off  let a woman be a woman and a man be a man.
gett off  if u want 2, baby, here i am.
come on.

gett off repeat till end.