in a word or 2, its u i wanna do.
no, not cha body, your mind u fool.

chorus.
come here baby, yeah.
u sexy motherfucker.

we are all alone in a villa on the riviera.
thats in france on the south side in case u cared.
out of all yo friends, i wanna be the closest.
thats why i tell u things so u will be the mostest.
when it comes 2 life, 2 be this mans wife.
u got 2 be well educated on the subject of fights.
i mean prevention of.
in other words its r.e.a.l. meaning of this thing called love.
are u up on this?
if so, then u can get up off a hug and a kiss.

chorus x2.

we need 2 talk about things, tell me what cha do.
tell me what cha eat, i might cook 4 u.
see, it really do not matter cuz its all about me and u.
aingt no one else around.
i am even with the blindfold, gagged and bound.
i do not mind   see, this aingt about sex.
its all about love being in charge of this life and the next.
why all the cosmic talk?
i just want u smarter than i will ever be when we take that walk.

chorus x2.

horns, stand up please.
i like it, i like it.

u seem perplexed i have not taken u yet.
ca not u see i am harder than a man could get?
i got wet dreams coming out of my ears.
i get hard if the wind blows your cologne near me.
but i can take it cuz i want the whole 9.
this aingt about the body, its about the mind.

chorus x2.

tommy barbarella in the house.
scrub the dishes.
come here tommy, yeah.
sexy, sexy, sexy, sexy.
levi, levi, fly.
move man, get let us move, shit.
i like it, i like it.

sexy motherfucker shaking that ass, shaking that ass, shaking that ass repeat in bg.

guard your folks who date your daughter.
the sexy motherfuckers so fine, i will drink her bath water.
a long legged 5 foot 8 packing an ass as tight as a grape.
i wanted 2 spit my game but said 2 myself, hmm, just conversate yeah.
cuz i am usually quite the calm one come on.
u never found me out prowling, boy, i am just having fun.
but i had 2 change my state of mind 4 this behind.
i bet if u throw that ass in the air, it would turn into sunshine.

sexy motherfucker shaking that ass, shaking that ass, shaking that ass x5.
it makes 4 one sexy motherfucker up in this place.

u sexy motherfucker repeat till end.