welcome.
u have just accessed the akashic records genetic information division.
this program is required 4 those wishing 2 obtain.
a marriage blessing from the kingdom.
when u wish 2 begin this program, place your right hand.
on the scanner and tightly clench up your buttcheeks as u might feel a.
slight electrical shock.
please select the race history u desire.
u have selected african american.
this is your history.

first of all, the term black and white is a fallacy.
it simply is another way of saying this or that.
let us examine the term this or that in its ultimate form.
which is this means the truth or that which is resistant 2 it.

when a minority realizes its similarities on a higher level.
not just black, but people of color, and higher still indigenous, and even higher still, from the tribe of, and yet higher.
the rainbow children.
when this understanding comes, the so called minority becomes a majority in the wink of an eye.
this action will cause a reaction or resistance.
the source of this resistance must be banished as it is in direct conflict with the initial action.
it cannot be assimilated, 4 its very nature is resistance.
in other words, one cannot serve 2 masters.
u are either this or that which is not this.

end of part one.
2 continue, select the program family name and type in the.
current government name u wish history on.

london, england, sometime in the early 1600s.

we have the god given right 2 run out of our colony anyone.
who does not bow down 2 our law.
hear, hear!
hear, hear, exactly, thats what i said!
say i am from the ...
hear hear, hear hear.
aye, yes, aye, aye!

come on, come on, keep it moving here.
come on, now.
whats your name boy?
abu, abu cah.
well, it aingt now, its tom lynch.

mirror, mirror what u see?
have i still got those dark clouds over me?
or am i really feeling what i feel?
the last days of the devils deal.
oh mirror, what u see?

devil, devil what u know?
u been here since 1914, but now u got 2 go.
u been hiding behind corporate eyes.
u wanna war, but u can not fight.
oh devil, oh, u got 2 go, yes sir!

bridge...
u might say, what u mad about?
but u still got your family name.
pleased 2 meet u, mr. rosenbloom.
i will be john blackwell just the same.
whats your family name?

teacher, teacher what u say?
did we really come over in a boat?
did it really go down that way?
or did i arrive before u and ruin thanksgiving day?
oh teacher, oh, what u say?

preacher, preacher is it true?
that jesus wants me 2 give my money 2 the likes of u?
ride around in your lexus coupe.
drive us 2 the cleaners in a pinstripe suit.
oh preacher, that aingt truth!

the bridge, huh...
u might say, what u mad about?
but u still got your family name.
pleased 2 meet u, mr. pearlman.
u can call me clay.
now can i play?

people, people whats your name?
maybe we should start all over.
let everybody get in the game.
put up a one gloved fist.
make a sound, violet brown.

u might say what u mad about?
but u still got your family name.
pleased 2 meet u mr. goldstruck.

we found this tape in the akashic records.
this is thomas jefferson.

my fellow americans, if there is a just god, we are gonna pay 4 this!

black men and white men, jews and gentiles, protestants and catholics.
will be able 2 join hands and sing in the words of the old negro spiritual.
free at last, free at last, thank god almighty we are free at last!

johnny b....