you take a deep breath and you walk through the doors.
its the morning of your very first day.
you say hi to your friends you aingt seen in a while.
try and stay out of nobodys way.
its your freshman new year and you are gonna be here.
for the next four years in this town.
hoping one of those senior boys will wink at you and say.
you know i have not seen you around, before.

cause when you are fifteen and somebody tells you they love you.
you are gonna believe them.
and when you are fifteen.
feeling like theres nothing to figure out.
well count to ten, take it in.
this is life before you know who you are gonna be.
fifteen.

you sit in class next to a redhead named abigail.
and soon enough you are best friends.
laughing at the other girls who think they are so cool.
we will be out of here as soon as we can.
and then you are on your very first date and hes got a car.
and you are feeling like flying.
and you are mamas waiting up.
and you are thinking hes the one.
and you are dancing round your room when the night ends.
when the night ends.

cause when you are fifteen and somebody tells you they love you.
you are gonna believe them.
when you are fifteen and your first kiss makes your head spin round but.
in your life you will do things greater than.
dating the boy on the football team.
but i did not know it at fifteen.

when all you wanted was to be wanted.
wish you could go back and tell yourself what you know now.

back then i swore i was gonna marry him someday.
but i realized some bigger dreams of mine.
and abigail gave everything she had to a boy who changed his mind.
and we both cried.

cause when you are fifteen and somebody tells you they love you.
you are gonna believe them.
and when you are fifteen, do not forget to look before you fall.
i have found that time can heal most anything.
and you just might find who you are supposed to be.
i did not know who i was supposed to be at fifteen.

la la la la la.

your very first day.
take a deep breath girl.
take a deep breath as you walk through those doors.