m. jagger k. richards.

did you hear about the midnight rambler.
everybody got to go.
did you hear about the midnight rambler.
the one that shut the kitchen door.
he do not give a hoot of warning.
wrapped up in a black cat cloak.
he do not go in the light of the morning.
he split the time the cock arel crows.

talking about the midnight gambler.
the one you never seen before.
talking about the midnight gambler.
did you see him jump the garden wall.
sighing down the wind so sadly.
listen and you will hear him moan.
talking about the midnight gambler.
everybody got to go.

did you hear about the midnight rambler.
well, honey, its no rock n roll show.
well, i am talking about the midnight gambler.
yeah, everybody got to go.

well did ya hear about the midnight gambler?
well honey its no rock ing roll show.
well i am talking about the midnight gambler.
the one you never seen before.

oh do not do that, oh do not do that, oh do not do that.
do not you do that, do not you do that repeat.
oh do not do that, oh do not do that.


well you heard about the boston...
its not one of those.
well, talking bout the midnight...sh...
the one that closed the bedroom door.
i am called the hit and run raper in anger.
the knife sharpened tippie toe...
or just the shoot em dead, brainbell jangler.
you know, the one you never seen before.

so if you ever meet the midnight rambler.
coming down your marble hall.
well hes pouncing like proud black panther.
well, you can say i, i told you so.
well, do not you listen for the midnight rambler.
play it easy, as you go.
i am gonna smash down all your plate glass windows.
put a fist, put a fist through your steel plated door.

did you hear about the midnight rambler.
he will leave his footprints up and down your hall.
and did you hear about the midnight gambler.
and did you see me make my midnight call.

and if you ever catch the midnight rambler.
i will steal your mistress from under your nose.
i will go easy with your cold fanged anger.
i will stick my knife right down your throat, baby.
and it hurts!